(DOCSP-10067) Troubleshooting for schema analysis error (#258)
mongodb/docs-compass: source/schema.txt

.. |query-build-type| replace:: :ref:`build-query`

Troubleshooting
---------------

If the analysis of your schema times out, it might be because the 

> collection you are analyzing is very large and the operation is stopped 

Reviewer: "is stopped" sounds a little strange to me here. I think it could sound better if we reword -- how about something like:

```suggestion
collection you are analyzing is very large, causing MongoDB to stop the operation 
```

Author: Agreed, took that suggestion

before the analysis is complete. Increase the value of ``maxTimeMS`` 
to allow the operation time to complete.

To increase the value of ``maxTimeMS``:

1. In the query bar, expand :guilabel:`Options`.

   .. figure:: /images/compass/schema-query-options.png
      :alt: The Options button is on the right side of the query bar, 

>             next to the green Analyze button.

Reviewer: I think we tend to `guilabel` button text in DevEd -- if you do the same, you might want to make this change!

```suggestion
            next to the green :guilabel:`Analyze` button.
```

Author: Normally we would but this is an extension of that alt text (the line wrapping is out of whack) and I don't think directives work there

2. Increase the value of ``maxTimeMS`` to accommodate your collection. 

>    The value you should use depends on your collection.

Reviewer: I feel like this is really vague, but I also suspect there's no good general guidance to give on this subject so I don't really know if it can be improved at all. Maybe give some kind of ballpark estimate, like "``maxTimeMS`` defaults to 500ms, but large collections can take multiple seconds to analyze"?

Author: Agreed, that was too vague - going with something similar to your suggestion. I'll call this part out in tech review to see if there's a more concrete recommendation to make.
